Aktau Zhanaozen let's applaud this
cities dear friends
first prize washing machine
washing machine
this prize goes to the owner of this
the prize
sard balaeva svetlana or show faina
applause your coupon number
2401 27 Zhanaozen voices Shaban Karayan
next prize mobile phone in
cities of Aktau Zhanaozen will also benefit from
mobile phone holder amine nurlan
zhylama zholamanuly shabanova coupon number
2401 25
janaozen strip need same next prize
camera camera
also win this prize cities of Aktau
Zhanaozen
we will know right now this is Kasanin Rinat
they are to which loud applause
Coupon 25-50 205 city of Aktau
dear ladies and gentlemen the next prize
laptop is also the owner of a laptop in
cities of Zhanaozen and Aktau
this sabitov
Bulat Maratovich Stormy applause
coupon number 2552 15 city of Aktau
congratulations to you dear ladies and gentlemen
the next prize is a vacuum cleaner cities of Aktau and
Zhanaozen
who will win this prize
this isaev raheem berdy
and Kaleyevich stormy applause number
coupon 2401 53
let your stormy applause
applaud the microwave
the next prize of the city ​​of Aktau Zhanaozen
who will win this prize later
owner dear ladies and gentlemen this
mergen bayeva zamar nurtai in stormy
cheering coupon number 25 5282
aktau alla sasha bells and the next
electric kettle
kettle in the city of Zhanaozen
and of town we will find out right now this
vaira
bayram bulat wild applause number
coupon 25-50
65 city of Aktau need chocolate and we
continue on and we will find out the next
city
this very second in a few seconds and
Again, I would like to remind you of our
promotions that our promotion runs from 12
November to December 30 inclusive 14
January you can come and win your
prizes for this you need to buy electro
household appliances in sulpak stores